README.md, before:

# LeetCode 练习

本仓库用于解答 LeetCode 题目。

## 刷题记录

- 2023-07-05: [2760. Longest Even Odd Subarray With Threshold][2760] (easy)
- 2023-06-18: [6890. Find the Value of the Partition][6890] (medium)
- 2023-06-18: [6901. Total Distance Traveled][6901] (easy)
- 2023-06-11: [2734. Lexicographically Smallest String After Substring Operation][2734] (medium)
- 2023-06-11: [2733. Neither Minimum nor Maximum][2733] (too easy)
- 2023-06-04: [2718. Sum of Matrix After Queries][2718] (medium)
- 2023-06-04: [2717. Semi-Ordered Permutation][2717] (easy)
- 2023-06-04: [2716. Minimize String Length][2716] (easy)
- 2023-05-30 ~ 2023-06-03: [2712. Minimum Cost to Make All Characters Equal][2712] (medium)
- 2023-05-29: [2711. Difference of Number of Distinct Values on Diagonals][2711] (medium)
- 2023-05-29: [2710. Remove Trailing Zeros From a String][2710] (too easy)
- 2023-05-23: [703. Kth Largest Element in a Stream][703] (easy)
- 2023-05-18: [1557. Minimum Number of Vertices to Reach All Nodes][1557] (medium)
- 2023-05-09: [1419. Minimum Number of Frogs Croaking][1419] (medium)
- 2023-04-22：[1041. Robot Bounded In Circle][1041] (medium)

## 未解决的问题

- 2023-06-18: [6893. Special Permutations][6893] (medium)
- 2023-06-04：[2719. Count of Integers][2719] (hard)

  [2760]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-352/problems/longest-even-odd-subarray-with-threshold/
  [2734]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-349/problems/lexicographically-smallest-string-after-substring-operation/
  [2733]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-349/problems/neither-minimum-nor-maximum/
  [2719]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-348/problems/count-of-integers/
  [2718]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-348/problems/sum-of-matrix-after-queries/
  [2717]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-348/problems/semi-ordered-permutation/
  [2716]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-348/problems/minimize-string-length/
  [2712]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-347/problems/minimum-cost-to-make-all-characters-equal/
  [2711]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-347/problems/difference-of-number-of-distinct-values-on-diagonals/
  [2710]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-347/problems/remove-trailing-zeros-from-a-string/
  [703]: https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/
  [1557]: https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/
  [1419]: https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-frogs-croaking/
  [1041]: https://leetcode.com/problems/robot-bounded-in-circle/

Commit message:

feat(2779): Maximum Beauty of an Array After Applying Operation

README.md, after:

# LeetCode 练习

本仓库用于解答 LeetCode 题目。

## 刷题记录

- 2023-07-16: [2779. Maximum Beauty of an Array After Applying Operation][2779]
- 2023-07-16: [6889. Sum of Squares of Special Elements][6889] (easy)
- 2023-07-05: [2760. Longest Even Odd Subarray With Threshold][2760] (easy)
- 2023-06-18: [2740. Find the Value of the Partition][2740] (medium)
- 2023-06-18: [2739. Total Distance Traveled][2739] (easy)
- 2023-06-11: [2734. Lexicographically Smallest String After Substring Operation][2734] (medium)
- 2023-06-11: [2733. Neither Minimum nor Maximum][2733] (too easy)
- 2023-06-04: [2718. Sum of Matrix After Queries][2718] (medium)
- 2023-06-04: [2717. Semi-Ordered Permutation][2717] (easy)
- 2023-06-04: [2716. Minimize String Length][2716] (easy)
- 2023-05-30 ~ 2023-06-03: [2712. Minimum Cost to Make All Characters Equal][2712] (medium)
- 2023-05-29: [2711. Difference of Number of Distinct Values on Diagonals][2711] (medium)
- 2023-05-29: [2710. Remove Trailing Zeros From a String][2710] (too easy)
- 2023-05-23: [703. Kth Largest Element in a Stream][703] (easy)
- 2023-05-18: [1557. Minimum Number of Vertices to Reach All Nodes][1557] (medium)
- 2023-05-09: [1419. Minimum Number of Frogs Croaking][1419] (medium)
- 2023-04-22：[1041. Robot Bounded In Circle][1041] (medium)

## 未解决的问题

- 2023-06-18: [2741. Special Permutations][2741] (medium)
- 2023-06-04：[2719. Count of Integers][2719] (hard)

  [6889]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-354/problems/sum-of-squares-of-special-elements/
  [2779]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-354/problems/maximum-beauty-of-an-array-after-applying-operation/
  [2760]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-352/problems/longest-even-odd-subarray-with-threshold/
  [2741]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-350/problems/special-permutations/
  [2740]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-350/problems/find-the-value-of-the-partition/
  [2739]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-350/problems/total-distance-traveled/
  [2734]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-349/problems/lexicographically-smallest-string-after-substring-operation/
  [2733]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-349/problems/neither-minimum-nor-maximum/
  [2719]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-348/problems/count-of-integers/
  [2718]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-348/problems/sum-of-matrix-after-queries/
  [2717]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-348/problems/semi-ordered-permutation/
  [2716]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-348/problems/minimize-string-length/
  [2712]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-347/problems/minimum-cost-to-make-all-characters-equal/
  [2711]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-347/problems/difference-of-number-of-distinct-values-on-diagonals/
  [2710]: https://leetcode.com/contest/weekly-contest-347/problems/remove-trailing-zeros-from-a-string/
  [703]: https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/
  [1557]: https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/
  [1419]: https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-frogs-croaking/
  [1041]: https://leetcode.com/problems/robot-bounded-in-circle/
